Clarify API key access (#1045)
astronomer/docs: astro/api-keys.md

- `ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID`
- `ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET`

For example, to update a Deployment using the Astro CLI on a Mac machine, set temporary OS-level environment variables with the following commands:

```sh
export ASTRONOMER_KEY_ID=<your-key-id>
export ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET=<your-key-secret>
```

After setting the variables, running `astro deployment update` works for the Deployment and you don't need to manually authenticate to Astronomer. Astronomer recommends storing `ASTRONOMER_KEY_SECRET` as a secret before using it to programmatically update a production Deployment.

## Delete an API key

> Once deleted, an API key and secret cannot be recovered. If you accidentally delete an API key, you must create a new one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you delete an API key, make sure that no existing CI/CD pipelines are using that key ID and secret. Once deleted, an API key and secret cannot be recovered. If you unintentionally delete an API key, create a new one and update any CI/CD workflows that used the deleted API key.
```

Opp for better phrasing here ,but point is "if you delete this thing make sure your ci/cd pipelines using it"
